[DOCS-1054] Prefer "W&B" over "Weights & Biases" in most situations (#1488)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/core/automations/create-automations/slack.md

    ![Screenshot showing two Slack integrations in a Team](/images/automations/slack_integrations.png)
1. If necessary, sign in to Slack in your browser. When prompted, grant W&B permission to post to the Slack channel you select. Read the page, then click **Search for a channel** and begin typing the channel name. Select the channel from the list, then click **Allow**.

> 1. In Slack, go to the channel you selected. If you see a post like `[Your Slack handle] added an integration to this channel: W&B`, the integration is configured correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
1. In Slack, go to the channel you selected. If you see a post like `[Your Slack handle] added an integration to this channel: Weights & Biases`, the integration is configured correctly.
```
